New legal document (#9)
GingerPrivacy/GingerWallet: WalletWasabi/Legal/Assets/LegalDocumentsGingerWallet.txt

=========================================

SUMMARY

=========================================

    The GingerPrivacy team is committed to being fully transparent to its users, from its source code to the legal aspects of its services. The purpose of Ginger Wallet is to provide privacy for its users’ Bitcoin transactions. This means that with the use of the wallet, we would like to enable the users to make Bitcoin payments in such a way that their spending history, wallet balances, etc. are not visible to the receiving party. This does not necessarily mean that the user stays anonymous since the receiving party might have to identify the sending party.

    Our goal is to minimize the unintentional leaking or disclosure of private financial information to third parties and the receiver of any transaction resulting from the use of the Ginger Wallet. The protection of your privacy and your personal data is our highest priority, which also defines the essence of our services.

>     One instance of the Ginger Wallet CoinJoin coordinating server is operated by a legal entity, InvisibleBit LLC. Thus, to legally provide our services to our clients, we have defined the framework and the rules that both parties must follow to protect each other.

Reviewer: I am not sure about this change, I think there is no such thing as Ginger Wallet Coinjoin coordinator.

```suggestion
    One instance of the WabiSabi CoinJoin coordinating server is operated by a legal entity, InvisibleBit LLC. Thus, to legally provide our services to our clients, we have defined the framework and the rules that both parties must follow to protect each other.
```

Author: Yes, there is. It's just it is compatible with the Wasabi.

Reviewer: I am talking about this sentence:  One instance of **the Ginger Wallet CoinJoin coordinating server** is operated by a legal entity,

What we are running is a WabiSabi coinjoin coordinator (that can be run by anyone else). It is not a Ginger Wallet coinjoin coordinator. Ginger Wallet is the client that connects to a WabiSabi coinjoin coordinator.
Anyone can change the coordinatoruri to any other coordinator that coordinates WabiSabi cjs.

Wasabi (and Gigner) is compatible with WabiSabi coordinators (not Wasabi Wallet coordinator).
Samurai is compatible with Whirpool coordinator (not Samurai wallet coordinator).
and so.

    The most important parts of the document below are summarized in the following points:

     - The service is open-source under the MIT license.

     - The service is provided on a non-custodial basis. Safekeeping of keys is the sole responsibility of the user.

     - The user is solely responsible for acting according to their local laws and regulations.

     - We do not store any personally identifiable information. Moreover, our trustless software architecture prevents us from gathering this information in the first place.

     - A transaction fee is only charged by the Service Provider for CoinJoin transactions.

     - We only provide written support, and NEVER ask for recovery words, passwords, or similar security critical information.

    The services are provided between remote parties. Therefore, these Terms and Conditions cannot be negotiated with clients. This document will help our clients to understand exactly the Terms and Conditions under which We can provide Our services. We recommend you first learn Bitcoin basics before using Our Services.

>     PLEASE READ THE BELOW TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAREFULLY. BY CLICKING AGREE, OR BY ACCESSING OR DOWNLOADING OUR SOFTWARE (AS DEFINED BELOW), YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS AND ALL TERMS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE.

Reviewer: Does `by accessing our software` include that if someone else connects to our coordinator with a 3rd party software?
It might be better to mention that explicitly.

```suggestion
    PLEASE READ THE BELOW TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAREFULLY. BY CLICKING AGREE, OR BY ACCESSING OR DOWNLOADING OUR SOFTWARE (AS DEFINED BELOW), YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS AND ALL TERMS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE.
```

Reviewer: Ahh L83 covers it.

   Any amended Terms will become effective on the day that they are posted (Last Updated) and will apply prospectively to the use of Our Services after such changes become effective, except that any changes addressing new functions of Our Services or changes made for legal reasons will come into effect immediately. Your continued use of our Services following the effective date of such changes will constitute Your acceptance of such changes. If You do not agree to any amended Terms, You must discontinue using Our Services, otherwise, the liability clauses set out in these Terms will apply.

2 THE COINJOIN COORDINATOR SERVICES

===================================

2.1 DESCRIPTION OF SERVICES

    This Software consists of the Client Application and the CoinJoin Coordinator (both as defined below) and function as a free, open-source, non-custodial desktop wallet. The Software does not constitute an account where We or other third parties serve as financial intermediaries or custodians of Your Bitcoins.

> The Software and Our Services are therefore not a bank, a custodian, an exchange, a financial intermediary, or a regulated financial institution.

Reviewer: Would it make sense to mention that it is also not a money transmitting service?

Reviewer: L144 covers it.

    The UTXO is an unspent transaction output, the technical term for the amount of digital currency that remains after a cryptocurrency transaction.

    The One Hop transaction is when there is one non-CoinJoin transaction spending only CoinJoin outputs.

2.2 FEES

    Subject to the other provisions of these Terms, including, but not limited to Section 3 regarding Prohibited Activities, You may freely download and use the Client Application without any charge or fee imposed directly on You by the Service Provider.

    The Service Provider does not charge You transaction fees for normal Bitcoin transactions, however, You are still subject to transaction fees, charged by the Bitcoin network.

    The Service Provider and the Bitcoin network charge You transaction fees for CoinJoin Bitcoin transactions.

    The CoinJoin fee, charged by the Service Provider is 0.3% per new UTXO, except if:

     -The UTXO comes directly from a Wasabi Wallet 2.x CoinJoin transaction used zkSNACKs’ coordinator till Jun 1, 2024.

>      -The UTXO comes from a One Hop transaction.

Reviewer 2: + The UTXO comes directly from a Ginger Wallet CoinJoin transaction used InvisibleBit LLC. coordinator.

Author: The original text was to accept coinjoin from Wasabi 1.0.
I thought that the line you mention comes from the One Hop line.
Should I add your line as well?

Reviewer 2: yes, remixes are free, is that declared elsewhere?

Reviewer: > yes, remixes are free, is that declared elsewhere?

I don't see that.

Also shouldn't we mention that it is free under 0.01 BTC?
